working on #777 (#785)
w3c/vc-data-model: README.md

### Other useful links
* [Public group email archive](https://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-vc-wg/)

## Process Overview for VC Data Model Pull Requests

> 1. For now, we will focus only on merging new errata PRs into this repository,
> but encourage activity related to new features.
> 2. Once a PR is opened, chairs and editors make judgement call on whether
> changes are substantive or editorial.
> <dl>
>   <dt>Editorial</dt>
>   <dd>Mark with "editorial" tag, merge into branch "v1.1"</dd>
>   <dt>Substantive</dt>
>   <dd>Mark with "substantial" tag. Bugfixes are merged into separate branch "v1.2". New Features stay around as an open PR.</dd>
> </dl>
> 3. W3C CCG is notified of PRs that will be merged in the next 14 days if there
> are no objections.
> 4. When it's determined a new reccomendation should go out, the W3C Verifiable
> Credentials Working Group members meet, review all the PRs that have been
> merged, and make a formal recommendation if agreement is reached.

Author: ```suggestion
1. For now, we will focus only on merging new errata PRs into this repository,
   but encourage activity related to new features.
2. Once a PR is opened, chairs and editors make judgement call on whether
   changes are substantive or editorial.
   <dl>
     <dt>Editorial</dt>
     <dd>Mark with "editorial" tag, merge into branch "v1.1"</dd>
     <dt>Substantive</dt>
     <dd>Mark with "substantial" tag. Bug fixes are merged into separate branch "v1.2". New Features stay around as an open PR.</dd>
   </dl>
3. W3C CCG is notified of PRs that will be merged in the next 14 days if there
   are no objections.
4. When it's determined a new recommendation should go out, the W3C Verifiable
   Credentials Working Group members meet, review all the PRs that have been
   merged, and make a formal recommendation if agreement is reached.
```

### Roadmap for 2021

> - 1 editorial update (v1.1?)
> - 1 substantive update (v1.2?)

Author: ```suggestion
- one editorial update (v1.1?)
- one substantive update (v1.2?)
```
